you have this amazing blue being
experience that prompts you to get into
quantum physics. Because of what this
being had showed me, I started looking
into this notion of longitudinal scalar
waves. Now, these were shown to me by
this being as slinkies, so to speak,
that that exist all around us. You can
use the potentials that exist all around
us right now in the quantum vacuum to
surveil an entire room.
How would you do that?
I don't want to say because it starts to
overlap into stuff that's [music]
sensitive. I know a group that is
working in the government that has been
working on this since the '90s and they
they've had massive success. [music]
There are things that I've seen in
private laboratories that are undeniable
and verified by people other than myself
in those facilities. A UAP was hovering
near some plants and as an individual
approached the UAP, the UAP shot off as
many people have experienced. However,
when the plants that were close to the
UAP were analyzed, they had aged 10
years within [music] X amount of hours.
We're dealing with multiple factions or
elements of both government and private
industry that have vast influence on
what could or could not be revealed and
no one really knows what to do. If you
reveal some then people are going to
take it and run with it and then that's
going to open up a whole other avenue of
research that can be weaponized pretty
easily if someone has a nefarious
mindset. We have mutual friends that are
privately working on some of these
things where 6 7 months worth of work in
the lab all of a sudden it's a weapon
now.
Mhm. And if someone gets a hold of that
weapon, [music] it's game over.
This interview was one of the most
baffling and intriguing I've ever done
on this show. Today, we will talk to a
former construction worker. He was down
and out and just scraping by. He then
developed an interest in UFOs. Then he
had an interaction with a blue alien
being that, according to him, caused him
to do a deep dive into quantum physics.
All of this sounded pretty crazy when I
first heard about it. But since meeting
this next guest, I've introduced him to
a Navy scientist who's worked at the
highest levels of government. Even he
was extremely impressed and intrigued by
this former construction worker's
findings. I know all of this sounds
insane, but it's true. Our next guest
was also spotted by the legendary Hal
Putoff and Eric Davis, who have also
noted his impressive knowledge in areas
of unorthodox science.
Dr. Dr. Davis, thank you so very much
for being here today.
Oh, thank you for inviting me. I'm happy
to be here.
A lot of this guest's interests in
physics are in a special branch of it
called extended electronamics. We
recorded this interview in early
December of 24. And at the time of its
recording, extended electronamics was
considered quackery, something you might
hear at a zero point energy conference
somewhere in the southwest from a
crystal healer. But right after we
recorded this podcast, the National
Science Foundation and NASA co-sponsored
a podcast with some elite scientists and
engineers with serious credentials
claiming to investigate, you guessed it,
extended electronamics. I've also heard
from multiple other Navy whistleblowers
that this framework is very, very real
and useful. When you introduce the
scalar field, you now have the proposed
at least three completely new kinds of
waves.
Okay, so a construction worker with no
formal schooling downloads exotic
physics from a blue alien being. And
that physics is now being vindicated at
the highest levels of government and
aerospace. Sounds about right for 2025.
But this former construction worker
hasn't only agreed to come on my show.
He's agreed to speak with any scientist
at any level about his theories on my
show as a follow-up. I thought that was
a pretty decent show of confidence. So,
without further ado, please enjoy this
special sitdown with this week's
American Alchemist, the scientific
savant himself, David Rossi. I'm here
with Dave Rossi and I couldn't be more
excited to have this conversation
because we've had a lot of offline
conversations over the last couple of
years or year or so and I'm always
wildly impressed at your knowledge of
physics uh experimentally and
theoretically and you kind of came out
of the blue and had like this extremely
interesting origin story when it came to
how you acquired uh such esoteric
knowledge of physics and so it's an
honor to have you here man.
Well, thank you so much for having me. I
really appreciate it. Uh it's an honor
to be here. Like you said, we've spoken
for quite a while over the years and I'm
very uh excited to be on the show. I
really appreciate it.
Oh, absolutely, man. No, the the honor
is mine. And you have a really great
podcast everybody should check out as
well. It's called Generation Zed. And so
we're going to go to the limits of my
knowledge and ability to understand this
stuff, but if we ever exceed that, you
can just go watch uh Zed's channel and
it's it's great.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Yeah, man. Of course. So, uh, I know you
to be somebody extremely knowledgeable,
not only about UFOs from like an
investigative lens, which, you know, a
lot of journalists out there know a lot
about like, you know, UFOs and the
history of the government visav UFOs,
right?
You know about it from a scientific
perspective. And I think a lot of what
you get into is actually just man-made
prosaic human exotic technology,
correct?
That sort of mimics UFOs. Maybe it's
inspired by UFOs. I don't know.
Right.
But um
yeah, if I can give a little uh
background as to how I got into this
basically. So it was around the time
that CO had hit and I decided to start a
uh a small uh podcast and I didn't think
at the time uh you know about 4 years
ago that I would be where I am
currently. And so what happened
essentially was I decided to start
looking into uh the UFO topic in
general, UAPs and all that. But then
after a couple years of of doing the
show, I started to say to myself, well,
I'm very interested in in learning about
it and making videos on it. Um, and I
was gracious enough to have a small
audience that supported me. Uh, but I
said to myself, well, what if I can
actually try and build something? And so
I I tried to first dive into the theory
of things like, you know, Maxwell's
equations and so on and so forth. And
throughout that process, I recall uh a
very spiritual experience um going to
sleep one evening and it felt like I
don't want to use the word abducted
because I think that implies that there
was some negative connotation to the the
experience which in this case for me
graciously there wasn't. Um but I
remember uh essentially being um uh I
guess you could say taken by a uh a blue
energy type humanoid if you will. Um
there were no characteristic physical
characteristics. It was just pure blue
energy. And I really couldn't tell.
Why do you say humanoid when you say
uh Well, because it had b two arms, two
legs. It was just significantly taller
than you or I, for example, heightwise.
And so you say no physical
characteristics. It was like you could
move right through it with your hand or
something
essentially. Yes.
Like a plasma being or something.
Basically very not really dense
whatsoever. Sort of like right a plasma
electric plasma type being.
[clears throat]
And I recall I I again I can't say for
certain because I don't know if it was a
physical experience or a purely um
energetic or spiritual one, but I I
recall um opening my eyes and I saw all
this basically white uh light around me,
but it seemed like it was a very uh
convex type structure. And then I recall
uh seeing I felt like I was very drowsy.
And I recalled seeing this u this this
blue being basically standing very close
to my head. And then um next thing I
knew I basically closed my eyes and I
would I woke up the next morning and I
had all of a sudden this extreme uh
drive and inclination to study um
electrical engineering and and quantum
physics in particular and I knew
absolutely nothing about it. I failed
math I think almost every year of high
school. Um and so I spent the first two
years from there basically learning
learning learning. I had made some
videos where I had discussed um these
type of concepts on my channel. Um
without getting into specifics
name-wise, I was noticed by a handful of
uh very nice uh gentlemen that seemingly
saw some uh potential to what I was
saying from a physics and engineering
perspective. um gave some presentations
to those individuals and since then uh
continue to learn learn um many many
cups of coffees later. Many uh late
nights spent just reading uh papers you
know uh the the Soviet papers the older
North American papers which is I I think
um in terms of 0 energy tech a lot of
stuff is in the the older literature
than the more so than the modern uh
literature. And then from there um I
built a handful of different uh devices
that um uh had some interesting effects
that seem to substantiate what a lot of
the theory that people like Dr. Pudof um
uh Dr. Davis and others um have
discussed. Uh however I must say that uh
there were people going all the way back
to the early 1900s going back to you
know uh Nicola Tesla um people for
example like Gabriel Cone and ET
Whitaker and so on that seemed to
substantiate certain experiments that I
was doing um with a with a with a
partner of mine uh using things like for
example uh ring superconductors and um
you know looking into the notion of uh
magnetism and so on. And then from there
um I continued to uh network and meet
more people both in the uh defense
industry as well as um in uh the private
sector. And there seemed to be more and
more validity to what I was looking
into. Um and I don't claim I was the
first one to discover this by any
stretch.
What were you before you had your
experience? You had a you had a podcast
where you're covering UFOs. Is that
right?
Correct. Correct.
And so you were already somewhat
interested in kind of out there
subjects, but you nothing from a
scientific perspective.
Nothing. Well, since I was young, I
always had an interest in, you know, the
paranormal and things like that. Uh, but
right, nothing from the scientific
aspect. Before the podcast, um, I was in
construction. It was, it was pretty
pretty straightforward. There was no,
uh, I don't have any form of
So, what inspired you to start a UFO
podcast as a construction worker?
Um, well, what happened was CO had hit
and this was during the time when people
had, you know, 2 three months off where
they were staying home. And I said to
myself, I looked around at the time at
the UFO podcasting field from what I
could find at least, and I could, with
all due respect to the shows out there,
I couldn't find a show that seemed to be
very unbiased and neutral and just
looked at evidence rather than um
implementing uh a certain biased
perspective. And I thought maybe I could
contribute to the field by just taking
applying an open mind to it. Now granted
with that said that has significantly
changed because of fantastic shows like
yourself and some others. Um but at the
time that's what I was doing. And so
there came a point where I just kind of
got bored and I said I want to try and
you know make something and and see what
see what I could do dealing with
electromagnetism in particular what that
could potentially lead to.
And how far into doing the podcast do
you have this amazing blue being
experience that prompts you to get into
quantum physics? probably about uh just
over a year in maybe a year and a half.
So going to 2021 now give or take.
Is there anything that happened before
that experience or just seemed like out
of out of the blue? No pun intended.
Literally, no pun intended, out of the
blue entirely. Um nothing nothing
preliminary that was before that.
That's amazing. Okay. And so you're
prompted to look into both electrical
engineering and kind of some more
experimental stuff, but also some of the
theory
behind some of these more exotic
uh you know lineages and in science if
you will, right?
And um you say you get noticed. Um can
you say anything more about that? And no
worries if you can't. uh certain
individuals that um that you've
interviewed on your show noticed me and
uh asked me to to present a couple of
times over and they were very interested
in what I had to say and that told me
well if you know if I'm on to something
I clearly must be on to some uh
something uh semifasible at least
because if not why would there be this
this uh show of interest?
Yeah. And then from there essentially I
began networking more and more meeting
with different groups of people in the
uh private military contractor field
meeting with people inside you know the
defense department and uh officially
there was no um no way that they could
uh support me but privately they were
encouraging me significantly to to
continue pursuing what I was doing. And
so at this point in time now what I
essentially do is I I consult for
private groups as well as for um in some
cases other other we'll just say private
groups for um different aspects of
physics and I don't claim to know uh a
lot by any means compared to certain
individuals out there with regards to
zero point energy but I think in a
certain capacity I could I could
probably hold my own and so that's led
me to to where I am now and I'm very
very fortunate and very grateful. So,
well, I'll just say the reason we're
even doing this is cuz I don't feel
super equipped. I mean, we had an
initial conversation. A lot of what you
said resonated on some instinctive level
with me, right?
And so, I was like, "Okay, this guy
seems, you know, pretty legit." Like,
this seems awesome. like what he what
what what he's into seems directionally
exactly aligned with a lot of intuitions
I've had or even stuff I've discovered
just from a historical perspective when
it comes to towns and brown or high
energy physics or certain anomalies with
consciousness or whatever you were kind
of saying a lot of this stuff but taking
it a little deeper as far as the math
and theory of it
but really what convinced me is I I
don't know if you remember this but I
was like oh okay I appreciate you know
meeting you Zed this is amazing but like
you're a construction worker
four years ago and you just got prompted
by a blue being to get into this.
I will say that um this will be
controversial. However, I know that
you're not afraid of any of that. Um I
started looking into because of what
this being had showed me during that one
evening experience in a visual sense. I
started looking into this notion of uh
what people call uh longitudinal waves
or longitudinal scalar waves. Now, I
know there's a lot of misinformation and
disinformation out there about it. Um I
know that we have mutual friends that
are currently conducting experiments
looking into basically proving its
feasibility and what it could lead to
and so on. And just just for the
audience, so this is this idea of you
know sometimes it's called scalar
physics, other times it's called
extended electronamics. It's the idea
that classical electronamics as we
currently hold it which only allows for
the you know your typical transverse
herzian electromagnetic wave um which
attenuates over spaceime electrons pair
off that sort of thing
right
you actually have this other thing
called the scalar field
right
which allows for all sorts of exotic
wave types where
in the transverse herzian wave you have
uh you know electric field a magnetic
field and wave propagation and all three
are perpendicular to one another, right?
And in this case, you could have, you
know, a magnetic field and, you know,
wave propagation, they're parallel.
And so it could, you know, all the, you
know, attenuation over normal distances
in spaceime, that sort of thing, might
get kind of negated by these exotic wave
[clears throat] types.
Correct. And so to your point, uh, very
well said, by the way, these
longitudinal waves were shown to me by
this being basically as slinkies, so to
speak, that that exist all around us. Um
but because of the way that quantum uh
theory explains it there uh or would
explain it if there was any official way
to that would be allowed through the
system to explain it. They exist all
around us in what we call I guess you
could say the quantum vacuum or what was
once called the luminiferous ether many
years ago I think over 100 years ago.
They exist all around us but they also
don't simultaneously. So you need to in
other words curve spacetime itself in
order to tap um in order to tap these
type of waves. So you use the
traditional um herzy and transverse
waves that we're used to and accustomed
to but you apply certain conditions um
in an engineering sense to them in which
will allow spaceime to curve. Now how
[clears throat] do you do that?
This is where it's interesting and I
will get into that. So essentially if I
may start with a very basic foundation
here everything that we that is taught
to my understanding within particle
physics electrical engineering on a
basic level are have to do with what are
called U1 models that essentially assume
a flat spacetime. So in other words in
the condition of a flat spacetime you
cannot get these effects and if you
begin to curve spaceime itself which
I'll explain practically you can start
to see this certain type of
phenomenology that you otherwise would
not see. So what do I mean by that? For
example, um the Aeronoff bomb effect
shows essentially that there that
potentials themselves uh more formally
called the four vector potentials are
actually more fundamental than physical
fields. And I don't think a lot I know
there's a lot of people privately that
grasp it even better than I do, but I
think publicly there are a lot of people
that truly don't see that because it
maybe seems too esoteric or too magical
or what have you. But the idea here is
that essentially the electromagnetic
vector potential can allow for the uh
essentially the curving of spaceime in a
topological sense. So in the laboratory
you energetically start to get these
caducious like waves that occur
longitudinally that don't that are
initially start off in a transverse
sense. Now, in a very simple regard, one
way that spacetime itself could be
curved would be having to do with
spinning uh for example a capacitor, if
you will. Um because what you're doing
from a mechanical perspective is you're
inducing curvature within that local
vicinity of space time. Now, um I'm
paraphrasing here and forgive me uh for
those that are watching this later on
where if you look up the actual quote, I
may be a little bit wrong here, but
Fineman said something peculiar, which
is that when you are charging a
capacitor, you start to see the sparks
come in on the edges of the gap of the
actual capacitor instead of where you're
charging it from. which implies that
there's some type of kinetic momentum if
you will within the quantum vacuum or
the ether that is right in front of us
that we don't have take a certain
perspective to in order to be able to
see it for what it could be or what it
could lead to. So for example people
look at the aeronoff bomb effect and
they think well what does this mean?
Well, it's possible that by implementing
vector and scalar potentials
electromagnetically, you can start to
induce curved space-time phenomenologies
topologically that otherwise you could
not do with a flat space-time metric.
So, from a if I may say from a a
chemistry perspective,
say you have an acid and a hydroxide and
you neutralize the two in the
laboratory,
but what happens is you don't get any
exothermic reaction. In other words, you
don't get any heat. The standard U1
model that assumes a flat spacetime says
you will always get heat. There's
nothing wrong with that standard model
under the assumption that spacetime is
always flat. But if spaceime is curved,
it's possible that you may start to deal
with negative entropy or neg entropy
rather than entropy or line uh forward
moving entropy as we now know it to be.
So what that means is we start getting
these um uh waves and phenomena that
would otherwise not be realizable
because when you curve spacetime you
start to induce a a kaducious like
effect.
What's caducious?
Uh caducious meaning essentially like uh
two waves like the uh the serpent the
medical symbol the serpent to moving
around the uh a staff.
Yeah.
So the the the actual serpent itself
would be representative of the waves or
the same way if you think of our our DNA
double helix. depth, so to speak. Um,
and so what happens is is that when
you're in the uh when you see these
effects with this acid and hydroxide,
it's possible that there may be a
negative energy aspect that is
occurring, which means that you may have
electrical effects in that experiment
where the electricity is cold instead of
hot. And this start this this also
overlaps directly in the uh to the field
with low energy nuclear reactions, cold
fusion. And so it gets very interesting
because you start to realize that there
are these vortex-l like geometries in
the laboratory whether it's with
chemistry whether it's with me
electrical engineering or or so on or
particle physics that otherwise you
would not get if you assumed a flat
spacetime. So what happens is if
somebody says a scientist may come in
and say oh that's just sulfuric acid. I
would beg to differ. they it would be
sulfuric acid if you uncinked the
space-time topology that the curvature
of space-time itself allowed you to
induce. Now, if you uncinkedked it, if
you think of basically just two, you
know, chains locking into each other, if
you uncinked those those chains or those
fields, if you will, now you're back to
a flat spacetime. But if you're dealing
with curving spacetime, you start to get
these phen these phenomena that
otherwise you would not you would not
expect and to my knowledge at least are
not um are not taught within within uh c
you know certain schools um and
institutions and so ideally what
so as far as producing these effects are
you saying that
spacetime itself is actually curved or
are you saying that uh you can use high
electromagnetism to curve space time
spacetime um it wants to be curved it.
So in other words, you have to um
mechanically or artificially induce
curvature in it
and you do that through
electromagnetism.
You can
I was talking to uh you know a scientist
named Bob Magcguire. Do you know him?
I've heard of him. and and you know he
was talking about um the stress energy
tensor right
in Einstein's equations and you know how
sort of conventionally
in uh you know physics if you have
enough electromagnetism you should be
able to curve spaceime but we really
just know that that occurs through mass
because you have like you know planetary
cosmology where there's sort of this
inward gravitational force right
but it doesn't really feel like from an
engineering perspective we have the
ability to create you know the enormous
amount of electromagnetism in order to
curve spaceime. What do you think?
I a great question. I appreciate it. So,
I would say that we actually can and we
have privately um as humans without even
needing to look at any type of reverse
engineered programs. Although, I'm sure,
you know, if one is working on a project
and they're given access to reverse
engineered legacy programs, they'd be
able to, you know, cross reference and
make vast advancements. Let's talk about
a guilt-free alternative to alcohol
that's perfect for your dry January or
anytime you want to unwind. Cornbread's
organic CBD gummies. These gummies are
an absolute lifesaver for my evening
routine. They're a natural way to relax,
celebrate, or wind down without the
hangover. I've cut back a lot on my
alcohol consumption over the last few
years. For a lot of you, trying out Dry
January or cutting back generally, it's
not always easy. But swapping that glass
of wine for cornbread CBD gummies is a
total gamecher. It's a simple upgrade to
your evening routine that leaves you
feeling great the next day without
sacrificing the fun. Plus, with all
natural ingredients, they're the perfect
way to stay balanced. Cornbread hemp
isn't just a product. It's a small way
to bring balance into your life. Whether
you're journaling, meditating, or simply
enjoying some downtime, these gummies
elevate the experience without any of
the guilt. It's like having a moment of
calm in your pocket, ready whenever you
need it. Alcohol doesn't have to be the
default anymore. Whether you're cutting
back for dry January or just looking for
a healthier way to relax, you've got to
try Cornbread CBD gummies. Right now,
American Alchemy listeners can save 30%
on their first order. Just head to
cornbread.com/jesse
and use code jesse at checkout. Again,
that's cornbread.com/jesse.
Code jesse. Cornbread hemp. This is the
good life. Fellow alchemists, [music]
it's a new year and that means it's time
to get organized and take control of our
financial wellness. [music] For me,
Rocket Money has been an absolute
gamecher. It helped me uncover all sorts
of subscriptions I totally forgot about.
Like a few I had no idea I was paying
for months after I stopped using the
services. With Rocket Money, I canceled
[music] these in just a few clicks,
saving money instantly. Rocket Money is
a personal [music] finance app that
helps find and cancel your unwanted
subscriptions, monitors your spending,
and helps lower your bills so you can
grow your savings. Seeing all your
subscriptions in one place is such a
relief. You know exactly where your
money is going. For the ones you don't
want anymore, Rocket [music] Money can
help you cancel them. No awkward phone
calls, no hassle, just savings. Rocket
Money also gives you a clear view
[music] of your expenses across all your
accounts. You can create personalized
budgets, track your monthly spending
[music] trends, and even set goals to
save automatically for big purchases,
paying off debt, or just building your
savings. It makes staying on top of your
finances easy and stressfree. Rocket
Money has over 5 million users [music]
and has saved a total of 500 million in
canceled subscriptions, saving members
up to $740 a year when using all the
apps premium [music] features. Cancel
your unwanted subscriptions and reach
your financial goals faster with
RocketMoney. Go to rocketmoney.com/jesse
[music] today. That's
rocketmoney.com/jesse.
With that said, I believe that if you
look at the work of Salvatore PZ,
so real quick, when you say legacy, so
you think that we do have UFOs in our
possession and we've like that's
inspired a lot of
I'm certain I'm certain that we that
there have been discoveries going back
to the 50s that um humans have conducted
from an experimental standpoint that
have at the very least given provided a
proof of concept um that show that we
can induce these effects without the
And so do you not believe like you know
uh whistleblowers like David Grush, Lou
Alzando who say that we have like
reverse engineering efforts within the
government.
I also believe that as well. I believe
that as well. I believe we're dealing
with a mixed bag, so to speak. Yeah. I
don't I don't take one avenue. I'm not a
narrow-minded with regards to what I
believe versus don't believe. I think
we're dealing with a mixed bag here.
And and and um so you're getting into
sales. Salai for the audience is a navy
engineer who holds patents, three
extremely interesting patents
um involving inertial mass reduction and
you know exotic flight principles and
that sort of thing. So and I just
interviewed him actually and so
Oh, that's amazing. That's awesome.
That's awesome. He's he's a great guy.
He's a really good guy.
Awesome guy. I like him a lot. Yeah.
Sensitive soul.
Oh, he's very very sweet guy. Very sweet
guy. Um I think that to your question
that we as humans have made advancements
um with regards to things like inertial
mass reduction uh with regards to things
like the emission of highfrequency
gravitational waves. Um and if I could
say very quickly for the audience
inertial mass reduction means you're
basically reducing the mass of an
object. So it begins to essentially fall
up instead of the way that you would
drop an object. it begins to essentially
fall upwards because you're biasing the
potentials of the mass of that object
itself.
And this is something that's been
reported by you gainoff
and it's also and that goes back to
Victor Shawberger because his dad was
actually a Soviet agent that retrieved
Victor Shawberger's files. Yes.
And and but that also connects with this
modern anti-gravity conspiracy. You have
this woman named Ning Lee who's at, you
know, University of Alabama Huntsville.
Yep. and she claims to have a mass
reduction effect over a spinning
superconductor. And so you do you ba
basically believe both of those
accounts?
I think there's there may be something
there with pod kitenoff. Um forgive me I
have to be careful with regards to what
I say about Ning Lee. But what I can say
about that is that um there is evidence
of which I'd be happy to provide to you
afterwards where in the early 2000s she
had sent an email to I I forgot who it
was exactly, someone in the alternative
propulsion community where she claimed
she had generated about 11 kilowatts of
highfrequency gravitational waves. Um
the email messaging was then intercepted
by an IP address from West Point and
then from there you never heard from her
again. Um I know
well from there she wins this you know
top secret military contract. She gets a
clearance correct and yeah she she kind
of falls off the face of the earth. She
leaves the University of Alabama
Huntsville. Y you could just say oh her
work fell off. She was a quack or
whatever. But then we found out since
that Larry Smallley who was the head of
the physics department at University of
Alabama Huntsville goes and joins her.
And Larry Smallley, his name is on a
patent in 2004 that basically involves
uh an asymmetric barrel-shaped capacitor
and it's for NASA, right? And it
connects all the way back to Towns and
Brown's work and that was like the
original kind of like anti-gravity guy
who was using capacitors to
Exactly.
maybe manipulate space time.
Exactly. I believe uh if I'm not
mistaken, Ning Lee was actually more
focused on superconductors in a solid
state sense. I know initially in the
'90s she was collecting data on ring
superconductors but I believe the issue
with spinning it after a certain
threshold was that the the discs the the
rings would begin to break. So I know
she was looking into a more solid state
aspect. However, there is a paper uh
that was released by uh Bob Baker uh
under the MITER Corporation for one of
the highfrequency gravitational wave
conferences where um you cannot actually
access the entire paper just the
abstract introduction where I'm
paraphrasing but Bob Baker talks about
he's now since uh deceased but he talked
about how Ning Lee was able to generate
up to 11 kilowatts of gravitational
waves and essentially there were two
types of gravity that she had discovered
which was AC gravity and DC gravity. So
a static type of gravity and then an
alternating current type of gravity
under the notion that gravity comes from
the um topological displacement of of uh
matter topologies. Meaning essentially
you can use electromagnetism in a
certain format in which would then at
the next level above through the curving
of spaceime allow you to control gravity
electromagnetically.
Whoa. Wait, explain that. And it's
interesting you say the two types of
gravity because that comes up a lot.
Well, you can also correlate that to and
this is for your viewers and yourself to
decide for yourself to Mr. Lazar's
gravity Awave and Bwave.
That's what I was going to bring up.
AC gravity DC gravity. It's possible.
Well, my take on Lazar is he was kind of
a, you know, it's Bob Lazar, but I the
audience is definitely going to know who
he is, but like
he claimed to have worked at S4, Area
51, reverse engineering UFOs, right?
And he also came out saying some
interesting things about the flight
principles that these, you know, crafts
used, right?
And he talks about two forms of gravity,
gravity A and gravity B,
right? And I kind of have come to the
conclusion after researching Lazar for a
while that he was a limited hangout of a
person, right? So like I think this guy
John Lear who was CIA affiliated
pushed him out to George Knap
and that for whatever reason the powers
that be wanted Lazar out,
right?
But they wanted him out because I don't
think he had a super sophisticated
theoretical physics understanding. I
think he had like more of like a
engineering topological physics.
I I I agree. And so you have these, you
know, it's almost like gravity gravity
A, gravity B. That's not saying too
much, right? But if you're smart enough,
maybe you can get initiated or
something, figure that out,
right? And that's why I say again, I I
myself am still uh 50/50 as to where I
stand with the entire story of Mr.
Lazar. Um, but I do think that there are
interesting correlations between what he
claimed was the A and B wave and then
Ning Le's AC and DC gravity waves.
So what are these two forms of gravity?
How do they work? So uh basically you
have DC gravity that allegedly at least
according to the the very general
abstract of her report and forgive me
because um I can't really expand past
this point. However, the idea is that
there's a static type of gravitational
wave that does not depend on the square
root of the electric permitivity but
rather depends on the strength of the
source of the magnetoic field in which
it's coming from. And then there's AC
gravity which is far stronger and is is
not static in any capacity. It is it is
something that you would utilize in a
pulsebased scenario in which would
actually if you were to view its
geometry would emit um the same way that
our uh in the same geometry that are uh
that a caducious or double helix would
interesting emit what gravitons
gra uh gravitons correct
or gravity particles
gra right now I say that because I think
the term gravitons is still
controversial in mainstream science
however there are papers that have since
that were funded by the MITER
corporation going back 20 25 years that
show that gravitons were both very high
frequency and extremely low frequency uh
gravitons were detectable near the
earth's atmosphere. Now where why that
hasn't been more publicly stated I don't
know I'd be happy to provide you the
documents privately. Um I also know that
the Soviets before the Soviet Union fell
were looking into uh essentially the
notion that Einstein's general
relativity was a very rudimentary static
um uh understanding of spaceime itself.
Um, I know Einstein himself flip-flopped
on the notion of the quantum vacuum or
the ether. Um, he first I think he was
for it, then he was against it, then for
it, then against it. And I I I'm not
sure, you know, there's rumors that he
worked with Nicola Tesla before he
passed as to whether that could be
substantiated or not. I I don't know. I
wasn't around at the time.
Well, he definitely I think early on
with special relativity, you know, he
was like relativity is not compatible
with the ether. And then I think in
1921ish time frame, he then says
actually general relativity is
compatible with the ether. But it was
sort of silent and people forgot about
it. And then you have quantum
electronamics and fineman later and like
the you know the vacuum of space is
filled with energy and so he's kind of
like reinstantiating the ether sort of.
I think so. I think so.
But I want I want to get back to
gravitons because
there's a really interesting article
from 1956 called the G engines are
coming or something like that. It's by
this guy Michael Gladic and you know
it's it's all about how we have all
these vital anti-gravity programs. those
anti-gravity programs are kind of
analogous to our atomic programs and
we're going to beat gravity and it's
right around the bend and uh in it is
quoted I believe two scientists at
Princeton Stanley Deser and Richard
Arnowit okay
and it says these guys are working with
we figured out G particles gravity
particles right and I find that to be
such an interesting part of the article
that like nobody really talks about is
like these guys are talking about
gravity particles
right exactly all these um all these
publications and and whether it's was in
the literature or newspapers uh going
back to the 1950s all the way to the
70s. I've always said, as I've said to
you privately, once the late 1970s hit,
there are some papers still that came
out in the 80s dealing with spinning
gyroscopes uh with certain electrical
and uh other components applied to them
where the spinning gyroscope would lose
its uh would lose some of its mass and
then when the gyroscope was turned
towards the uh earth's axis or against
the earth's axis, depending which way
you pointed it, it would gain some of
the mass back. So, in other words, it it
was conducted in in magnetically
shielded laboratories. It was shown, for
example, that um certain effects would
occur that would uh that were not
artifacts experimentally that could not
be ruled out. Um
Wow.
Yeah. So,
yeah.
How does doing all this stuff? Yeah. How
how did how does doing these experiments
allow for mass reduction?
The the [clears throat] idea is that you
can exch Now, this is where it becomes
very esoteric, but the idea is that you
can exchange the internal mass of an
object. um with the local environment or
the local spaceime itself. So the notion
that energy cannot be created or
destroyed would be correct. You're just
basically cycling that energy in and out
from the object because of spin coupled
to an electromagnetic induction field
combined with uh something else that
I'll tell you off the air that that
would that would allegedly prove this to
or show at least proof of concept that
there would be mass reduction. Um and
this is the work of Salvatore Pais where
he's saying that like if you couple spin
with these specific electromagnetic
charges you can break the swinger limit
you get this runaway
the right now the idea is with regard
the the the swinger limit is essentially
very simply put the notion that after a
certain um threshold of uh
electromagnetically uh the vacuum
becomes nonlinear yes so to speak. I I
think it was I forgot what it was 10 to
the power of
eight. I I don't want to say
and Al Putoff talks about electrically
polarizable vacuums as well. So it's
like
I'm a big proponent of that.
And then you have this speech from Jim
Ryder who's a Loheed Martin space
systems guy who we now know tried to
transfer a quote unquote UFO
to Bigalow Aerospace in 2008 according
to Lu Alzano, a bunch of other people.
Right. And he he talks about an
electrically polarizable vacuum as well.
And maybe an interesting analogy for the
audience if you're like me and an idiot
when it comes to this stuff. Uh like if
you had like a bag like a a plastic bag
with water in it and you were to like
press down on one side that would be
sort of electrically polarizing the
vacuum and maybe you could surf
spaceime as a result.
The same way a surfer surfs on water the
water waves. Correct. If we
say there's a little surfer figurine on
the bag or whatever surfs down the
Exactly. Exactly. And now that would be
using that would be using vacuum
polarization as Dr. Pudof I believe has
a fantastic paper on spaceimetric
engineering excuse me that shows that.
Um now I if I could clarify
I as I understand it that is a little
bit different than actually having a
device that would emit through
pulsebased uh uh systems um
highfrequency gravitational waves.
However, the physics are are indeed
interconnected uh very much so. And h
and how do you get to a a thing that
emits high frequency gravitational
waves?
Well, there's there's speculation that
very intense lasers could do it in um in
what's considered like a hull room
array. Uh there's speculation that um uh
you can use this is very controversial,
but you can use superconductors to do
it. Um there are speculation, for
example, that you could use certain
geometrical setup of superconductors
that could induce these effects. Let's
put it that way.
Yeah. Interesting.
Yeah. So what useful stuff can you do
with because we're speaking really
abstractly right now.
Sure.
What can you do that changes the world
with any of these things?
You can essentially this is forgive me
because this is where I'm going to have
to be careful but you can essentially do
things for example from an energy
perspective where maybe and I say this
speculatively it's possible that you can
output more energy in a in a device than
you're inputting.
Okay.
Um which would imply coefficient of
performance over one. um which would
violate the second law of thermodynamics
and there would need to be a
readjustment to the law of conservation
of energy uh because you you're dealing
with a larger open system. So if you
implement the vacuum and the vector and
scalar potentials into your equations,
you could it would actually be feasible.
Um second law of thermodynamics uh it
would be completely violated because
again it's possible in these cases we
would be dealing in some cases with
electrical currents that are cold
instead of hot which is very
controversial to say. Um that would be
one aspect. Another aspect would be for
example the ability uh if I for example
as we see with Dr. Halpudof's uh
invention um where he h he's using
vector and scalar potentials to
communicate that would be an extreme
that is an extreme uh uh breakthrough in
revolution. Um, another example would be
the work of Sa Payz, for example, in
which you see that you could have craft
that could basically be a um a trans
medium type craft that could go through
water, air, etc. without as if the water
air didn't exist because the field
around the craft itself is voiding the
the reality of spaceime itself as
controversial as that is. So free energy
uh building real UFOs basically like
exotic propulsion to the limit right
and then exotic communications as well
correct that traverses space time and
and even even healing medical aspects
that are again for example sorry to cut
you off but um Luke Montineier his DNA
water teleportation uh uh paper
do you believe that because I I've
always found that so this is by the way
French Nobel Prize winner who discovered
uh the genome for HIV,
right?
And so he was lauded for that. After
that in his career, he started getting
into some really interesting trippy
ideas. One of which was that there are
these aquous nanoructures in DNA that
involve
communication, semantic communication,
transfer, and and um storage basically
of information, right?
And he was kind of laughed out of the
room from a conventional science
perspective, but you think there's
something here?
I I strongly I would I'm not a gambler,
but I would bet money there's something
there. I you know I've always been
sympathetic to it. Why why do you think
there's money there and then I can tell
you why I'm interested in that?
Um
lab experiments I've witnessed.
Interesting. Yeah.
Can you say anything more or
um unfortunately no one forgive me
because I don't mean to be like I I I
mean to be overly vague.
Well I I can speak for you. Have you
have you heard of Constantine Mile?
I have.
Okay. So he's in the black forest in
Germany
and he deals with extended electronamics
but from a kind of biological systems
perspective right
and he writes about DNA resonance with
you know specific longitudinal w scalar
longitudinal waves actually one of the
scalar waves is called helioidal right
and so you might think you know uh if if
form follows function or function
follows form that um you know if you
have these wave types that basically
look like DNA, maybe they're meant for
DNA to be the receivers. And so
there's also another guy named Andre
Puerich who was very interested in
uh extended electronamics or extremely
low frequencies and how they would
affect kind of brain waves and and even
semantic information.
Right. And I if I could say I would dare
to argue that all of what we're we've
been discussing from the propulsion
aspect all the way to the communications
to the biological to the energy aspect
all deal with these longitudinal waves
in some capacity or another. There is a
harmonic component. There's a sound
component that has been completely um
removed from uh the teachings of of
electrical engineering that in some
aspects do exist in some uh institutions
regarding particle physics. But um it
essentially deals with an asymmetry
within spacetime itself that you could
induce um through for example things
like superconducting uh uh resonance
circuits or tank circuits as they're
called. Um and certain avenues going
down that road. I I do forgive me. I do
have to be careful. Uh but yes, there
may be some resonance may be a
significant aspect to all of this. What
is uh an aspect of this technology that
we can speak about that you think will
help the most amount of people and be
the least dangerous as far as describing
the actual nuts and bolts components of
how it works? because I'd love to get
into like how some of these things work
close to the metal, but I realize
they're, you know, national security
sensitivities. And what I you've never
you haven't told me anything, but my
what I picked up from, you know, you
came across, you know, certain people uh
entered your life or you came on their
radar or whatever is that when maybe you
got these interesting downloads around
science, you were maybe you were maybe
tapped by people who are kind of in and
around government circles, right? Be my
guess, but
that that is correct. Yes. um something
uh well what's interesting is that I
think uh without bringing it up too too
often I think that Sal PZ's patents and
his work have been by far the most
revealing aspect of what propulsion uh
could be applied to with regards to um
essentially again reducing the mass of
an object and so on. But I also think
that um see this is the this and this is
where I'll be very blunt. I
it I believe that this talk of
metamaterials,
it's not that metamaterials are are bad
or are don't work or are a scop. Not at
all. I think that they have a very
fundamental place in in in the field of
physics and materials engineering.
Absolutely. However, I think that there
has been and this is not towards any one
individual in particular, but there has
been a narrative pushed with respect to
not discussing that you can use basic
materials that we already have and have
known about for decades combined with
electromagnetism to induce some of these
effects whether it's energy,
communication, propulsion. I think it's
because some of these solutions again
taken with a certain perspect with a
different perspective on old physics in
some cases could be so simple to
engineer in some cases if one had access
to you know a decent amount of funding
that it it it is threatening to people
that are looking to suppress this.
So you think the alien narrative is
sometimes tech protection is
in some I believe there is a legitimate
aspect to it but I think in some cases
yes. So yeah, I I hear that and then
it's just extremely confusing. Every
time I'm like, "Oh, maybe it's just
anti-gravity shit." I'm like, "Right,
I'll give you a good example." Okay, so
like Towns and Brown is this mid-century
anti-gravity guy. I think he got like
really far, you know, made a documentary
about him,
right? And
which was great.
Oh, thank you, man. And uh he uh you
know talks about a couple of materials.
So magnesium bismouth, berium titanate,
right?
Um they're what's called highk
dialectric. So when you have a high K
factor, you can store a lot of
electromagnetic charge. His experiment
which involves a capacitor. So
negatively charged plate, positively
charged plate. You have to put this
neutral insulator in between. And that
has a high when it has a high K factor,
you get more thrust. So you pump
electromagnetism into the whole thing
and you get this thrust from negative to
positive,
right?
And so you know that in a way that beats
gravity. So it's this exciting thing. So
he talks about magnesium bismouth with
berium titanate and then you go I
interviewed Gary Nolan too Stanford
professor and he you know claims that he
has UFO crash parts that he received
from Jacques Valle and it's magnesium
bismouth right
and so I'm like well maybe it's just
anti-gravity or whatever but then you go
deeper into towns and brown you realize
that he started NKAP which was the first
civilian UFO tracking program in 1956
you could say that was just you know
doing civilian counter intel for, you
know, like American anti-gravity crafts.
But you learn about these early stories
from like, you know, around the time
that like DARPA formed, like the late
50s, early 60s where he would go into
the field and and find stuff, flash his
credentials, do crash retrievals
basically, and like he found this green
fireball thing and it was losing mass
and apparently that was berium titanate.
And then he himself had a UFO experience
that inspired a lot of his work, kind of
like your thing.
Interesting. So the whole thing gets
weird where you know the second you're
like h maybe it's just anti-gravity
stuff. You trip out and you're like I
don't know. I think
it becomes Yeah. it starts to get very
very to your point it starts to get very
very interesting because I think that it
at this point in time I think when we if
there's a sighting of a UAP I think that
most of the time it's hard to tell if
that is humanmade whether pure human the
source of pure human ingenuity or
whether it's a you know a little bit of
that mixed with reverse engineering
aspects or if it's something or some
someone else entirely what I will say
though is I think we need to look into
high voltage experiments
that norm normally that Tesla was was
playing with that uh people these days
seem to not uh be interested in. I think
that
why high voltage?
Um I think high voltage induces uh an a
polarizable effect within the local
vacuum wherever that voltage is being
applied. Um for example there was
something called the Ebner effect I
believe in the 1990s. Um you can uh I
can send you the details to this
afterwards dealing with essentially
there was a small documentary put
together I forgot from which country in
Europe but essentially when extremely
high voltage it was like half a million
volts or more were applied to crops they
were growing in ways that the farmers
had not seen ever. Um, and so I think
this is where it starts to get again
very esoteric. But the notion is that
the ether or the quantum vacuum has
within it memory that are stored within
these potentials. And these potentials
when practically induced using high
voltage could in fact enable a form of
vacuum polarization that can apply to
biological systems, propulsive systems,
uh communication systems and so on and
so forth in a way that we would not be
able to detect or understand with our
current means of of technological
development.
It's this is pretty freaky. It feels
like playing God a little bit because
you're talking about how matter even
comes to form or something in the first
place. And like it's interesting you say
that about high voltages, you know, half
a million volts or whatever applied to
plants. You know, Towns and Brown was
extremely interested in electroulture as
well. He lived on Hawaii and would do
all these experiments around, you know,
having plants grow in specific ways with
electroulture.
Yes.
Um and and I I look at the work of
Tanzan Brown and Tesla and they're very
similar. like what Tesla was doing at
Warden Cliff, high voltages, short
distances, where he's claiming to tap
the ether for free energy seems to be
somewhat similar to what Towns and Brown
is doing.
I agree. And I think one of the things
as we discussed earlier before we
started recording is that I think one of
the concerns for in groups or elements
that don't want this to be discussed or
come out is that or be disclosed in any
capacity is that once you open this can
of worms, it opens up a whole other set
of discoveries that people would
otherwise not know that people would
generally not notice unless they knew
that there's a form of um asymmetry in
the vacuum using potentials that could
be induced to to create what is called
higher symmetry electromagnetics using
vector and scalar potentials. And so I
think that what starts happening is you
start dealing with things like again
negative energy. So cold electricity so
cold currents for example. So you get
frostbite uh if you if you were to touch
a a wire with it uh with cold currents
rather than you know as normally now you
get burned if you touch a wire that's
got electrical currents
would that allow cuz I think about
extremely cold you know circuits or
materials
right
and you've hear this theory that maybe
you know UFOs or man-made you know
crafts or whatever that exhibit these
exotic flight principles might be sort
of acting like quantum macroscopic
objects. I agree.
As you know, I'm always on the hunt for
things that help me stay sharp, focused,
and full of energy while I'm diving into
life's mysteries and making this show
happen. And I've got to say, Mudwater
has completely transformed my mornings.
Back in the day, I used to struggle with
that postcopy crash. And let's not even
get into the caffeine jitters. Mudwater
gave me the smooth, steady energy I was
missing. It's packed with functional
mushrooms like lion's mane, chaga, and
rayi, plus turmeric and cacao, all
working together to keep me focused,
calm, and grounded. Honestly, it's like
coffee went on a yoga retreat and came
back zen. What I love most is that it's
not just about replacing coffee. It's a
whole new ritual. It's a simple,
nourishing way to start the day, and I
actually look forward to it every
morning. Every ingredient is USDA
certified organic, vegan, non-GMO, and
there's zero sugar. It's energy that
doesn't mess with your sleep or make you
question your life choices at 3:00 a.m.
Ready to make the switch to cleaner
energy? Head to mudwater.com,
that's mudwt.com,
and grab your starter kit today. Right
now, our listeners get an exclusive deal
up to 43% off your entire order, plus
free shipping and a free rechargeable
frother when you use code Jesse. That's
right, up to 43% off with code Jesse at
mudwtr.com.
After your purchase, they'll ask you how
you found them. Please show your support
and let them know we sent you. keep your
energy natural and refreshing all year
long with mud water because life's too
short for anything less than clean
delicious energy. And so so uh to
maintain quantum coherence like
typically you need to be like you know
extremely cold or whatever.
Well I'm a big fan I'm a big proponent
of the Neils Boore model of the atom.
Neils Boore believed that
superconductors were macroscopic atoms.
You told me that once and I blew my
mind. What does that mean? So the it's
possible that superconductors could
exhibit very um uh quant coherence
quantum coherence that otherwise are
would normally be observed at the plank
scale or slightly above. Um, I think
there's an entire aspect to
superconductors, including things like
the Meisner effect and flux pinning that
a lot of people just don't understand
that is right in their faces that that
if they truly viewed it in a different
way could induce the type of effects
that we're discussing, whether it's
again, you know, the energy stuff, the
communication stuff, the propulsion
stuff and so on and so forth. And what I
mean by that is when it comes to
superconductors, the traditional theory
that's referenced is the Bonan Cooper
Schaefer theory uh called BCS theory. I
believe they all three of these
gentlemen won a Nobel Prize for it. What
that has left out as to whether this was
conspiratorial or not, I genuinely don't
know. But what has been left out is has
been dealing with lattice holes within
superconductors. So again, if you can
polarize the lattice of a
superconductor, again we go back to
polarization, Dr. Pudof's polarizable
vacuum approach and so on. If we
polarize the lattice of a superconductor
or of a metal of some sort, it's
possible we can start to get effects
that would in fact again when other
engineering conditions are applied to
the superconductor manipulate light,
manipulate gravity and so on. There was
a paper from 1992 with Douglas Torren
Ning Lee that showed that the
quantization for angular momentum in
superconductors resides within the
lattice holes of the superconductor and
not the Cooper pairs. The Cooper pairs
are attributed to the BCS Bon Cooper
Schaefer theory. Wow.
And so there's an entire little thrown
out pocket of this that I think should
be looked at much more strongly.
And so how do you maintain coherence
through the lattice holes? Because I you
know I think about low temperature
superconductors and Cooper pairs and
there are ways to explain that. How do
you explain that kind of
deterministically?
Uh well essentially a geometry a ge well
you polarize the lattice but then the
superconductor itself maybe it's conical
maybe it's cylindrical maybe it's a ring
so to speak. If you were to engineer
something that would that would match or
fit or abide by the longitudinal waves,
if you were to envision these slinkies
all around us, it's possible you may
start to see effects that you otherwise
would not if you were dealing with just
a square superconductor for example. Um
it's possible that these these effects
may geometry is everything in my opinion
when it comes to materials engineering.
Geometry is everything. And so I think
that you can witness certain effects in
the laboratory with, you know, $4 or
$5,000 worth of experiment uh worth of
material that if the superconductor was
not a ring superconductor, if it was say
a puck with no hole in it in the center
or it was a square superconductor, um
you would not see unless it were a ring
superconductor.
Um it's possible again that these
longitudinal waves are vortex-like in
nature as well. So we need to materially
engineer something that would abide by
the geometry of what this structure of
these longitudinal waves are. So that
these transverse Hertzian waves can then
overlap with one another and then create
basically tap the um the vacuum
fluctuations of the scalar field that
would other that otherwise you would not
be able to do
if hopefully that's an adequate enough.
A lot of structures are like geometric
inductors to convert electromagnetic
waves to couple to you know the actual
fabric of space time.
Right. Correct. So the idea is that like
for generating highfrequency
gravitational waves for example you need
to oscillate the mass of a quadripole. A
quadripole is when you have two dipoles
that a dipole is a is the space between
two atoms with a positive and a negative
charge. The idea is that a quadripole
when you oscillate that you you can
actually emit gravitational waves from
it. Now the if you could do it using
superconductors and I say that carefully
if it would be in a very low energy
format. So you would not you would not
like uh induce a you know emit gravitons
that would uh you know break a door down
or something. But if you could find a
way to pair that with the strong nuclear
force then you may be able to. And I I
also again believe that's what uh Dr.
PZ's some of his work was trying to
allude to.
Wow. Okay. So, you have these lattice
structures,
right,
in these conductive materials,
right?
And that allows for electromagnetism to
sort of
interact with space time in exotic ways
geometrically, right? So we initially
talked about spinning you know um a
capacitor which would be a mechanical
version but a solid state version would
be using a superconductor in for example
um immersed in liquid helium for
example. Um liquid helium is far more
effective to induce these infects
effects compared to liquid nitrogen. But
the idea would be that the electrons
move along a path that they normal that
is asymmetrical because the lattice is
asymmetrical because when you polarize
the lattice you induce you break the
symmetry of that lattice. So you get now
these nonlinear effects that if we go
back to when we first started talking uh
when when a lattice is symmetrical it is
basically abiding by a flat static
spaceime. When a lattice is now
asymmetrical, you're curving spaceime.
The electrons start to move in a
nonlinear sense.
So when you break the lattice, then
you're having the electrons move in this
nonlinear way.
When you when you break the symmetry of
any particle field, uh, no, I shouldn't
say particle field. When you I have to
watch my words here, forgive me. and you
break the symmetry of spaceime itself
and in some cases that would be
polarizing the lice of a superconductor
for example you can get these nonlinear
effects that are the result of
electromagnetic induction but become
become something else entirely
topologically
fascinating so what is it become that's
different topologically at that point
at that point you can start to bend
light you can start to have this pairing
of electricity and gravity. This goes
back to the um the the missing Heavyside
equations. I know there's a lot of
controversy surrounding did Heavyside
butcher Maxwell's equations or not. Um
it is I can what I can say is that it is
well known to my knowledge behind the
scenes that there's an entire Heavyside
component that misses uh that basically
misses a circuit from an engineering
aspect. Now what I mean by that is back
in the late uh early 1900s um Hinrich
Lorent he did something that was called
symmetrical re-auging of Maxwell's
quitterians because Maxwell was told you
you're not going to be able to get your
quitterians across to the engineers at
the time which had the education of
electricians today. So you have to chop
it and get it simpler. You have to only
deal with the right angle vector and
nothing outside of that vector field
basically. And what's outside of that
vector field? the scalar potentials.
Now, essentially what happened was
Lorent threw the baby out with the
bathwater. Again, I don't know if this
was a, you know, conspiracy or not. I I
don't I didn't I I wasn't there at the
time, but the entire Lorent re-auging
aspect has basically um
how can I put it stagnated the the
mainstream field of of particle physics.
And for the audience, the Lorren
equation is the sum of the uh vector and
scalar potentials. And Lorent sets this
to zero. Right.
Correct. What he did was he played a
clever trick when he chopped up
Maxwell's quitterians. And for the
audience, if I may say in a very simple
manner, say you say to me, Dave, let's
order a pizza. The pizza comes and I say
to you, there's 12 slices. But I say to
you, Jesse, there's only one slice. And
you go, "Dave, what do you mean there's
another 11 slices?" And I go, "No, no,
no. Ignore the 11. There's just one.
That's basically what Loren did."
Wow.
That's I'm in a very simple regard.
That's basically what Loren did. Now, by
doing that, he played a clever trick. He
said, and I quote, he didn't deny that
the energy outside the vector field
existed. He didn't deny that the scalar
potentials existed, but what he said
was, and I quote, they have no physical
significance. M that's ba basically it's
like it's basically saying that you
you're throwing the baby out with the
bath water and I know that there was um
forgot who said this but it's like
saying we have a boat right on on the
water and we have all this wind around
the boat but the wind is not touching
our boat it's not pushing our sail so
what so
well it's a problem because theory is
supposed to be a descriptor of onlogical
reality to to the extent that it can be
and you believe science can be a
descriptor of reality it's an attempt at
that it should never be narrowly
confined to present engineering
capabilities because in the future
engineering capabilities will always,
you know, be get that much more amazing.
So you do all these exotic things with
materials in the 1970s and ' 80s that
you couldn't, you know, in the 1890s.
I couldn't agree more.
You don't want to like constrain that
within an equation.
Exactly. And I I do believe with the
utmost respect to theorists, although I
I know for a fact behind the scenes the
theory is well understood and top
theorists understand this. Um, with that
said, I do believe that there are
certain calculations within theoretical
physics that may seem very minuscule or
may seem uh like an artifact at first,
but when if you could take those
equations and apply a form of practical
engineering to it, you would get
phenomena that would then um force the
theorists to readjust their model to the
new phenomena that you see in the lab.
Theory itself is not going to take like
like Fineman said it best and he was a
theorist. He said, "I don't care how
beautiful your theory is, how eloquent
it seems, if it can't be engineered,
it's wrong."
Yeah.
If it can't be experimentally verified,
it's wrong. And so, I think that, as we
know, u um Richard Feman and John
Wheeler calculated there's enough energy
inside the size of a coffee cup to
evaporate all of the world's oceans if
you could practically get it up in
there. At first, they thought it was an
artifact of the mathematics, but it
turns out that it's not. And so
basically when Lorent um reymmetized the
the the Maxwell's quturnians he
completely removed all the potentials
dealing with the outside of the right
angle vector the vector field itself and
so I think that this has to do with for
example Dr. Pudof's vector and scalar
potential communication where there are
no E and B fields
but you have tooidal geometries that
exist in which you can transmit
information through um topological
infolding and outfolding as David Bow
used to call it. Basically the idea that
uh if you have a particle inside that
partic that particle is made up of
smaller versions of the same particle.
So in other words, fractalss that tend
to fold in and out geometrically if you
could electromagnetically create such an
effect in that regard and these
potentials may be able to enable that.
Um there's a Loheed Martin patent called
a coherent matter wave beam that deals
with using the aerongh bomb effect
basically using the potentials
themselves not the fields but the
potentials to cohhere um matter itself
in a way that would basically uh
selforganize the particles. Yeah. So
there's a lot there that
you program matter or something like how
do you do that? Uh well that's the thing
the idea is that spacetime itself is a I
say this carefully a living structure
that has memory and so what happens is
if you can induce these vector and
scalar potentials in an engineering
sense you start to witness geometries
that would otherwise you would not be
able to notice with the standard herzian
waves in in an engineering regard um I
know that that's very controversial to
theorists although I I know theorists
behind the scenes that are that openly
say no this has been known for decades
in a very confidential regard.
So, okay, let's get really specific with
the put off stuff.
Sure.
He's talking about quantum
communications via these uh scalar and
vector potentials.
Correct. Correct.
So, h how do you do that? So I I think
about like classic example with a limit
to a transverse herzine wave is you're
trying to do undersea communications you
have a perpendicular you know magnetic
field a B field and you know as a result
of that you're going to get a lot of
electron pair off and a you know very
fast decay function on any sort of
signal sent out underwater
right
how do you get around that with
something like you know put offs
uh it's possible like we talked about
voltage focusing purely on voltage um
focusing on um acoustic resonance
but specifically like what would you do
like how would you
I think there are certain things that if
you if you used voltage and pulse the
superconductor for example you would be
able to transmit information in a
nonlinear regard that otherwise if you
that otherwise would not be possible uh
using E and B fields
okay
if speaking high level
yeah yeah um I think that um pulsing
superconductors with pure voltage is is
very interesting.
Have you heard the term topological
insulator?
Absolutely.
So, this is something I'm just learning
about because I have a friend who kind
of works in some sensitive areas in in
national security. He goes pseudonmously
by the name Jack and we've started to
interview, you know, do technical series
together and speak to people who are
honestly above my pay grade when it
comes to science. Like he helped me out
on the paise interview for example.
Oh, amazing. Okay. And um he talks about
these topological insulators, these
materials that berium, titanate,
magnesium, bismouth are examples of.
Yep.
Is is is that the type of superconductor
that if you pulse you might be able to
engage in some quantum comms with uh
that and also there are multiple ways to
skin this cat. That's the thing.
Everything we've been talking about,
there are multiple ways to pursue this.
However, I think whether it's berium
titanate, whether it's itrium berium
copper oxide, there's a couple of uh low
temperature superconductors with high
temperature combinations using voltage
and acoustic resonance could in fact be
able to transmit information that never
decays. Um that would I I don't mean for
the record, I don't mean to speak for
Dr. Pudof, but I I find his work
absolutely fascinating. his entire set
of papers on his Earth Techch website is
every is acted as a a mentor type guide
to me. There are things there that are
revolutionary in a way that is like it
it it would break people's minds with
regards to wait you're telling me that
this type of approach can be taken and
all of a sudden we get these effects
that we're that are considered beyond
the pale uh from a mainstream sense. How
should we view this from a because like
from a pure like science and civilian
sector, right? You know, you're telling
me that you have these quantum comms
that like
don't decay over spaceime, you know,
that seems like the way an advanced
alien race would communicate. That seems
like it would be this massive exciting
unlock for society.
Absolutely.
How do we view this from a national
security perspective? because I tried to
get in touch with a guy named Lee
Hiveley
who's you know working in extended
electronamics and
a friend that uh you know helped with
facilitate that
you know he got in trouble hively
freaked out and was like you know
shouldn't be shouldn't be reaching out
to me and I think he put like the you
know Navy press or something on the
thread
y
and I was just like hey man I just
wanted to have a conversation and 99% of
you know my stuff is is offline and I
always say publicly if told that for
serious national security purposes I
should stop covering a specific thing. I
will always do it.
Right. Right.
And anyway, so that but I usually don't
get the door shut in my face, but I did
with high extended electronics.
Well, I can give you an example of what
this vector and scalar potentials could
do other than communication that would
that would overlap into national
security. For example, you could use
this similar method to surveil a room
without cameras.
Interesting. uh you can use the
potentials that exist all around us
right now in the quantum vacuum to
surveil an entire room.
How would you do that?
Um that I can't get into unfortunately
but the but it is possible. It's very
pos if you can use use it for
communication why not in other areas and
I I know for a fact it's it's possible.
There were
I know a group that is working in the
government that has been working on this
since the '90s and they they've had
massive success. It's it's not like an
ongoing issue prototype. It's been
established. They're just working on
multiple new versions of it.
Do you think humans themsel like we're
like these
hard drive avatars or something of
something higher? Because I think about,
you know, DNA uses binary code. So,
AGCT, you basically just have, you know,
base pairs. You have two two combos ones
and zeros.
I'll tell you something. I think of DNA
if if you want that that is highly
controversial, but tell me. I think
there's a third strand to our DNA. I
think that the two helixes that we're
used to, I think there's a third one
down the middle that ex that is physical
but exists at the plank scale and I
think it's electrically conductive.
How would that not dawn on like all
these biologists and geneticists?
You've interviewed someone who knows.
Okay. I think I know who you're talking
about.
You've interviewed somebody who knows.
Yeah.
Initials GN or
No comment.
Okay. [laughter]
Interesting. Well, that's uh that would
be pretty fascinating. Um
and what would that mean
implications-wise?
Well, it would mean that what we call
junk DNA is not junk first off. Um there
junk DNA is prosaically understood by
geneticists and biologists. The idea
that there's a third strand, that would
be controversial.
Correct. And it's possible that third
strand is
again um it may overlap with Luke
Montineier's DNA water teleportation
aspect. Um I don't claim to be an expert
in that area. Uh with that said, I do
believe that there is something there.
Um I would go one step further and say
that uh there there's there is something
there. And um actually, you know what,
I'll say it. There's a gentleman that
was a uh um not not Dr. Gary Nolan, uh
but there's another gentleman that I can
tell you the name of after and show you
evidence of in which um I wrote up a
manuscript dealing with the third strand
of DNA. This is a two or three years
ago. and they were willing to help me
put it in a peer-reviewed format to help
it be reviewed in the more international
uh literature. Unfortunately, that
individual was restrained uh from being
able to help me and so biologics and and
the field of medicine and DNA was not my
area of focus and so I kind of let that
go. Uh with that said, there was a
gentleman Peter Gary. He was nominated
for the Nobel Prize in 2019 or 2020. the
nomination was retracted and he later
died I believe under mysterious
circumstances. He was using vector and
scalar potentials through polarization
methods to uh heal people using sound
and light and he was he has it's I
believe his wife still runs the website
and it's still up. Um I believe it's
called u linguisticwavegenetics.com
I believe um if you Google it it's in
Russian but you can translate it. There
is an English version of the website and
you have all of his papers with all of
his engineering methodologies. Um, and
he was healing people inside of
pyramids, wooden wooden pyramids that
were
and this is not me. Uh,
you want to know something trippy? Do
you know who Brian Morescu is by any
chance?
I've heard the name.
He's um he wrote a book called The
Immortality Keys. Really good guy. He's
a buddy of mine. He texted me earlier
today
um because he's like man I've just been
getting into the work of this guy
Constantine Mile right and it explains a
lot of my work around like you know
scalar and vector potentials and its
effect on the human body
right
I I've been interested in this for a
while and it it's
it's interesting a lot of things seem to
be convergent so so this guy was
treating people with pyramids
uh pyramids he was having them go inside
these pyramids that were the the frame
was wooden however He was using um
vector and scalar potentials using uh
electronic circuits, lasers,
semiconductors and so on to create a
field in which when the person was in
that pyramid uh when they would their
again controversial but their um
their ailments would be healed whether
it was depression or whether it was more
of a physical ailment. I don't
um this goes again back to the
polarization of of a lattice of a
material. This goes back to the the
notion of voltage with potentials. Um
the idea is that everything has memory.
So for example, my hand although it's
aging right now, the skin and
everything, it's possible that you can
actually let me give you a a very basic
example. So think of a stack of 10 books
for
now. Imagine we exist on book 10. We
consider that as the present physical
moment, if you will. Um, and so it's
possible that the previous, let's say
the previous books represent points in
time that were previous in which your
hand was at a younger stage. It's
possible that you can use a polarizable
vacuum approach to bring say book three
up to book 10 presently and replace book
10 with book three. Meaning basically
now your the skin is younger from a time
pers a temporal perspective and the
entire composition of the body is is of
that body body part you've treated is
now literally younger because of the
negative negotropic time reversal aspect
that you've you've now implemented using
vacuum polarization using uh uh voltage
and and photons and light and and so on.
Interesting. So biology does decay I
guess via entropy. It it it it turn it
becomes more sort of yeah chaotically
you know almost uh disassociates or
something we we we we disincarnate over
over a period of time and that's why we
age or something. There was a study,
sorry to interrupt you, there was a
study, I believe in the '7s which um
basically showed that there was an
observation in which a UAP was hovering
near some plants and as an individual
approached the UAP, the UAP shot off, as
many people have experienced. However,
when the plants that were close to the
UAP were analyzed, they had aged 10
years within X amount of hours. It's
called scinessence.
Yeah, cell scinessence. I mean, yeah. I
mean, that would be the conventional
term. You go to Chernobyl.
There's a study that came out, or not
even a study, an article that came out
like this month, I think, about these
dogs at Chernobyl that have rapidly
evolved more than any other dog. Think
about it, right? Like it's it's easy
like UV radiation promotes, you know,
genetic mutations or whatever, which is
differential selection and and that
creates evolution, right? And so if you
were to grow a frog in a Faraday
chamber, it would grow, you know, kind
of messed up. And then if you grow it in
a high radiation environment, it would
grow, you know, grow too fast or
whatever. And so,
right,
there's some sort of uh equilibrium
allah the human resonance of the earth,
this this magneettosphere of the earth
that allows life to form,
right?
And so I could see why a lot of this
work would be pretty controversial
because you're kind of messing with the
soup that we're all human resonance,
right? It's been argued that that is the
the heartbeat of the planet, so to
speak, right? And that the reason on the
surface that the frequencies are so low
is because you'd have to get closer into
the center of the earth for the
frequency to get higher.
What if it's possible that the vector
and scalar communication potentials we
were talking about? Again, there are no
electric or magnetic fields, purely
toroidal geometries. And when I said
acoustic resonance, what if that's the
Schuman resonance that I'm that we're
speaking of? What if the Schuman
resonance can never uh disappear so to
speak from a from a field or from an an
area but ENB fields can but that
resonance never does because it is part
of a more core makeup of this reality.
Wow.
That's that it's you I think you're I
would argue very strongly you're talking
about the same thing there. We're
talking about acoustic resonance or
human resonance with regards to if you
have a room like the room we're in now
and we removed all E and B fields and
there but there were still these
resonant toroidal geometries um you can
overlap RF radio frequencies with
acoustic uh uh frequencies and so these
tooidal geometries may in fact stem from
uh the human resonance of the planet.
Interesting. So you would say that the
acoustic frequencies are sort of
downstream of these RF frequencies that
come from the human resonance or
I'm saying that when you remove electric
and magnetic fields and you deal purely
with potentials, you you have still a
resonance there.
Interesting.
This goes back to what the Germans
called the ziterbuang meaning basically
that from in quantum theory a particle
is never still. So when we think of zero
point energy, the reason we call it zero
point energy as I understand is because
when you get to absolute zero, the
particle is still oscillating.
Classically we think that like when you
push a kid on a swing and then the the
kid jumps off the swing and the swing
comes to rest. Classically we're told we
think that the swing is truly still. But
at the plank level, the particles that
make up that swing are constantly
oscillating still.
So all reality as we see it is derived
from some subquantum field of potential.
Arguably, arguably that it's derived,
yes, that the potentials are more
fundamental than the fields themselves.
And what determines how these potentials
sort of collapse?
I I'm
I don't want to say because it starts to
overlap into stuff that's pretty uh
sensitive.
Okay.
Uh forgive me, but um it's it's
Does the mind have anything?
I think I I believe I believe so. I
believe that I believe that at the core
of it, we're dealing with non-physical
sources here with what people have
called spiritual. Um, uh, sorry, I
thought you were going down another
avenue. That's why I said I couldn't
speak on it. But if you're going down
the spiritual uh or the the
consciousness avenue, I'm very I'm open
to talk about that. I think that at the
core of it, we start getting to
non-physical uh uh energies that
otherwise give rise to uh physical
matter and material. Have you built
anything with your newfound knowledge
that you can talk about?
Uh the stuff I have built I I I can't
speak on.
Okay,
that's the I forgive me. I wish I could,
but um
Okay. Um
do you feel like after having gotten
into some of these esoteric science, you
know, concepts
that it's made you a more spiritual
person?
Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. This is the
part where most people I know that
you're very open to this and as I've
said before we recorded I have great
respect for you because you're so open
to it um amongst other things but yes I
believe the spiritual aspect is the key
fundamental core of all of this as much
as people will people are so interested
in physical things I believe that the
spiritual/metaphysical
angle is the core of all this without a
shadow of a doubt I me personally I
think that the soul if you will is
possibly a Bose Einstein condensate um
uh matrix or a plasma matrix of sorts.
What is a Bose Einstein condensate?
It's a it's a level of or a field of a
tier of matter if you will above plasma.
So you have solids, liquids, gases,
plasma. Then you have Bose Einstein
condensate. So and then there are more
than that. To what extent those have
been dulged publicly I I don't know.
You have levels of energy above I didn't
even know you have levels of energy
above plasma.
That's that's that's where that's what
Dr. In my opinion, not to speak for him,
but that's what Dr. PZ spoke about when
he was on Kchi Mongo's theory of
everything when he said that it's
possible that you can induce these types
of effects like inertial mass reduction
and so on, not with solids but with
plasmas because it's possible that
plasmas act as a doorway between uh the
quantum vacuum and the physical world so
to speak. It's so if you think of
how does that work?
Uh in a very basic manner example the
way I gave the example of like the pizza
slices for the Maxwell the wrench ga
reaing and all that if you think of the
quantum vacuum all around us as moving
very very rapidly maybe faster than the
speed of light or maybe at the speed of
light um think of a bunch of doorways
moving quickly side to side and they're
moving so fast you can't grab one of the
handles to open those doors. Plasma acts
as a medium that slows down those doors
so you can grab a handle and open it.
Explain that.
Plasma, it's possible plasma slows down
uh uh quantum vacuum fluctuations.
And how does it slow down quantum vacuum
fluctuations?
It's a it's a it's an in between state
between uh a physical medium and a
non-physical medium.
You see what I'm saying? So it acts as
So it's like a carrier for the the
potentials in some way.
Correct. the same way that I would say
uh that the work of Sa Pz's inventions,
not to speak for him, but I know that he
agreed with me when I brought it up to
him, the devices themselves, including
the, you know, rumored free energy
devices and so on, they're not
generating the free energy. They're
acting more as facilitators between the
quantum vacuum and the material world. M
they're not actually generating in some
cases they might be but in terms of even
various forms of of energy generators
that are based in 0 point uh uh 0 point
fields or 0 point uh
when we when we when we talk about
virtual particles is free energy
essentially
uh the extraction of virtual particles
into real particles
that in some cases yeah uh you can argue
if if one could get a coefficient of
performance over one that would be the
case in Um, there's more than one way to
skin this cat and that's absolutely one
avenue. Yeah.
And then one way is through like plasma
is like this conduit between the
potentials world and like the world we
see or something.
Yep. Basically. Yeah.
Have you heard of uh Ken Shoulders?
Absolutely. Exotic vacuum objects.
So, how does that relate to this? I
think what Ken Schers was doing was he
was experimenting with curved space-time
uh uh materials that induced the effects
that happen when spacetime is not flat
but curved. So in other words, I believe
Ken shoulders had an experiment and
please correct me if I'm wrong where
basically he found that electrical
pulses into a ceramic would break not
break ceramic but create these uh
punctures in the ceramic that
electricity normally wouldn't do. It's
possible he was interacting with uh a
slight gravitational field in those sur
uh with that with what he was doing. Now
another example is semiconductors in
this is not wellnown but in the field of
semiconductors
at least publicly to my knowledge when
you when you're dealing with and forgive
me if I butcher this to those that are
watching in the semiconductor field in
the particularly on the manufacturing
side um but when you're dealing with the
doping of the core lattice of a
semiconductor.
Yeah.
If you were to take that core lattice
and give it to audio experts to then
analyze you would hear this non-stop
hum. And that goes back to what we
talked about with the zitrabuag that the
Germans called the the uh the swing
stopping but there still being every
piece of matter is still oscillating.
It's possible that hum is an
electromagnetic um uh interaction with
the subtle gravitational field.
Whoa. It's possible. I'm not saying it
is. I'm saying it's possible cuz I don't
want
Well, that that's interesting because
that often is described around UFOs is
you hear this humming noise.
Hm. That's really interesting.
Yeah.
Have you have you heard of Birkhardheim?
Do you know?
I have. I have.
So this was this German scientist who
was working on some interesting kind of
anti-gravidic you know stuff and then he
was brought over to the US and I think
he worked with Loheed Martin or Martin
Corporation pre-loed merger
Martin Marietta
and Martin Marietta and I think they had
a Martin Corporation at least had a
program called RAS which was their
anti-gravity research outfit. Got you.
And I believe Burkhardheim did contract
work for them. Um, a lot of his work is
in German, but I believe he has two
heirs on the theoretical physics side.
Two guys named Drusher and Hower.
Okay.
They also believe in two forms of
gravity. Canonical like small scale
gravity and large scale gravity. And
they say one of these forms of gravity
bind with uh electromagnetism more
tightly. Specifically, I think some of
these more exotic electromagnetic
experiments involve agree this sort of
binding.
I would agree. I would agree. I think
that what they're saying there, unless
I'm interpreting incorrectly, is
identical to what I was saying earlier
in our conversation about how
gravitational effects could come from
the electromagnetic conditions inducing
topological states that would lead to
the coupling to the gravitational field
that could then through the strong
nuclear force actually literally create
uh you know have a you know warp
spaceime itself. You know time
displacement what have you. a a
situation where the inside of the craft
is larger than the outside. You know,
space-time metric engineering um as Dr.
Pudof talks about. I think there's
something there with superconductors and
and semiconductors and high voltage that
we already know secretly can be done
with that.
Where do you think we are as far as
ability to make progress on this? Cuz my
general sense is like if you had a
governor placed on physics over the last
50 years, right? you know, like the a
governor on an engine where it's like
you can only go to 25 miles per hour.
And the governor in this case is like
the speed of light as the speed limit,
right?
It's um Einstein's positivity conditions
on his field equations,
right?
It's uh you know, no scalar field, you
know, you take say the governor is a
bunch of different things,
right? Right. Right.
All those seem and that the governor is
your consciousness has nothing to do
with your ma matter interactions, you
know, whatever. the governor's coming
off on all of those things at once is
what it feels like,
right?
And so what does that mean? Because I
you have all these different, you know,
dynamics at play. You have the national
security state
probably wanting to push this to the
extent that it's not tipping the hat to
the adversary,
right?
You have all this civil side need for
this just as far as our cities are in
decay. Like airplanes have not
improved over the last 50 years at all.
You have this duopoly. There's an energy
crisis right now. I believe in North
America as well.
There's an I mean, well, we have we have
fracking and stuff, but like
Right.
Yeah. I mean, like there should be some
update there as far and and maybe even
an update beyond, you know, uh nuclear
fishing plants,
right? And so you know and there there
are startups working on nuclear fusion
but they're often working on it from
this super sysophian perspective of
these tokamac reactors where right the
energy necessary is necessary to create
these high-owered lasers is just sort of
self-defeating if you're trying to
create free energy in the first place.
It's like why would you do this? I I
think there have been to your point I
think there have been discoveries that
make the white world of of physics um
I don't want to say laughable because I
have tremendous respect for the people
that generally are not in the know and
that just genuinely are trying to do
good research but the implications I
think to your your main the core of your
question I think we're at a time right
now where and I'm not speaking for
anyone other than myself but for my
little corner of the world I think that
we're dealing with multiple factions or
elements of both government and private
industry that are fi that have vast
influence on what could or could not be
revealed. And I think right now there's
an issue of no one really knows what to
do.
And I because if you if you reveal some
then what you know of a of a you know a
technological advancement then people
are going to take it and run with it and
then that's going to open up a whole
other avenue of research that admittedly
can be weaponized pretty easily if
someone has a nefarious mindset. So I do
actually understand to a significant
extent the necessity for not divulging
this uh in some cases. Now in other
cases I also think however that we
should not let the the the cart blanch
answer of national security impede our
um spiritual and technological
development.
Yeah.
So I'm not saying I know what the answer
is. I'm saying that it should be talked
about more and all the people you've had
on have been fantastic to help move this
this forward. I think you've played a
crucial role in this, but as to how the
line can be drawn,
I'm not going to sit here and pretend
like it's easy. It's it's effing tough.
Yeah,
it's not easy.
It's it's it's
it's not easy because you open up one
aspect of of zero point energy
engineering. Next thing you know, all of
a sudden, you know, this guy's got uh
this guy's got cold fusion going and
then that leads into maybe a coefficient
of performance over one. Um uh then that
leads to all of a sudden you know with
some adjustments all of a sudden you
you're now basically doing what Ken
shoulders did. You you pulse this um you
know this this electromagnetic energy
into a piece of a ceramic or something
and all of a sudden it breaks the
ceramic when you would expect it
normally not to uh all this type of
stuff. And I think then you then have to
ask okay what [snorts]
and again this becomes an issue because
it sounds like I'm trying to say that
there should be gatekeepers but I don't
think there should be. But at the same
time, you turn some of these, we have
mutual friends that are privately
working on some of these things where
with with, you know, half a year's worth
of work, six, seven months worth of work
in the lab, all of a sudden it's a
weapon now.
And if someone gets a hold of that
weapon,
it's game over for for a lot of people.
The world's getting weird, man. It's
interesting. Like it's like if you think
about um
social control systems, hierarchies,
right? Maybe you had like religious
hierarchies of the past and then you
have like compromitty
weird [__] like that.
Yep.
And then you get like lower latency into
like phones and laptops and digital
stuff. And then you get into even
weirder territory of like mind matter
like
you know the latency of like these
control systems and like maybe we're
starting to see you know more anomalous
stuff in the sky like the veil is
dropping.
Correct.
It's a I agree. I think that the veil is
dropping and I think that people in
general are starting to wake up more and
without getting too esoteric I think
that there is a profound reason for
that. That is the the sum of our
collective consciousnesses speaking to
something larger than what we could
possibly fathom currently.
Yeah, it's a re it's a really
fascinating time. Have you ever seen a
UFO?
Uh oh, yeah. I've there uh my old house
there were there were a few that would
be above it. Above the house.
There are a few that were above it.
Three in total over the course of 5
years. Yeah. I mean I've seen I've seen
I've seen a bunch of them. Yes.
If you just first instinct, what do you
think they were? Why were they around
your house? I I wish I could say I don't
know. I I I really don't know. It was
very interesting. Um my father said to
me, "Hey, come take a look one time, one
of the three times, and it was your
typical It was like a donut-shaped
craft."
How for you, like what's your what's
your dream with this stuff? What do you
What do you want to do?
That's that's that's a good question. I
didn't actually I didn't expect you to
ask me that. Uh because it's a it's a
good question. I think um I think I want
to help people as much as I can um with
regards to understanding this stuff
which is why I privately consult for
private groups in in certain areas and
then there's other projects that I work
on that I I [clears throat] have to be
honest I wrestle in a moral sense with
with even discussing dulging or not
because um I've spoken with some very uh
respectable highle people in in the in
the department of defense and some of
those in which who know and the advice
has always been people it's it's people
will not see what you see so it's it's
in many cases uh I think you would you
as Jesse would but I but the
because I you're you Jesse if I could
say quickly you're not the type of guy
where if I showed you something you'd be
like oh how can I weaponize this
but others would be and that's where I'm
kind of like well I I'll I'll I'll make
my living with the consulting right now
and and working on private projects and
so on for people because as much as I
want to, you know, open source it, if
you will, there's an argument to be made
that there have been people in the past
that have open sourced it and then
people just don't believe it.
Yeah, I know. I I I think that's fair,
man. I mean, like
I there's a real argument to be made
that like the next Klaus Fuches, you
know, guy that like stole the American
atomic secrets, worked at Los Alamos
from 1941 to 1950. Yep.
Went to the Soviets with all that stuff.
is like somebody who just kind of runs
their mouth on social media and like it
brings up I don't know I mean like
y
they're like it's like we're both you
know friendly with Ashton Forbes the
MH370 stuff and I'm not at all uh
equating him to to Klaus Fuches but I
have these conversations with him
uh about the MH370 videos you know these
are this these orbs teleporting the you
know the Malaysian airplane in 2014 was
this big news story CNN was talking
about for 3 months. This plane went
missing. Nobody knew where the plane
some weird circumstances around the
plane and then you have this video come
out that you know maybe it looks like
they the these orbs just like teleported
the plane. It's really bizarre, right?
And now he's getting into all sorts of
free energy and you know exotic physics
stuff. And I have these conversations
with him and he's like
so I think it's this can create a death
weapon that will end the world but it
needs to come out. And I'm like, dude, I
don't think either of us are smart
enough to know and be high conviction
that that's definitely the case. Like,
you hear things, you have intuitions
around that, maybe it is the case,
right?
Um,
but if you think that's the case, and
that is your intuition and you think
this could be extremely dangerous and
dual use, it's really irresponsible to
like just put a lot of this stuff out
willy-nilly. And it's the reason why
with the Towns and Brown stuff that I
put out, I'm like
that's like, you know, it's this 70-year
snapshot from a long time ago. But I'm
like, I'd love to know if somebody was
like, you know, hey, if this this is a
there's one line from a biography of
Towns and Brown, you know, his Paul
Shatskin book, The Man Who Mastered
Gravity, where it's, you know, uh, this
will make a thermonuclear bomb look like
a child's firecracker.
Yes. And
yes,
I you hear that and like I don't know if
to take that at face value, but if if I
heard that that was the case, I would
never touch this stuff again.
And you've hit the nail on the head with
regards to what I was trying to convey
to you just now.
That's exactly the problem.
So, but do you are you high conviction
that these things could be weaponized in
like an exorld catastrophic way or
I am of high con I would put money on
it.
Really?
I would put money on it.
That's so then what if
I don't say that proudly.
So what do we do? Because on the one
hand you have interstellar travel and
like that'd be great if we could get
that right and you have like all these
cool updates you could get.
Well, I think I think I don't want to
Here's the thing. I don't want to I wish
I could come I could sit here and say
Jesse I have a an alternative plan I I
don't with that said I think that what
we're seeing now with the discussion
right now of meta materials and again
I'm not trying to say that they're not
I'm not trying to say they're worthless
there there's a lot of value especially
you know layered semiconductors and blah
blah blah but and and you know mixed
with different uh alloys and all that
but the the point I'm trying to make is
that I think
I think that's why the metamaterial
angle was taken
with regards to always saying we don't
know how the physics of it works and
there's metab. We do know how it works.
I'll blatantly say it. We know exactly
how it works.
We blatantly
But if you if you just talk about the
materials then it's like uh you're
ignoring the the the physics. The
physics is more dangerous physics.
If someone can take the theoretical
physics and apply it to experiments.
Yeah.
Yeah. Dangerous. If you can bridge those
two worlds, not a lot of pe some people
can. But some people can look at the
theory and go, "Oh my god, I can make
this and make that and make that. Other
people only know how to engineer stuff
and other people only know how to do
theory, which is still fantastic. But if
you can have someone that can do both,
yeah,
you have a problem." Or you have a you
you also it's a it's a half class full
half class empty type scenario.
That's interesting because I was on the
phone um with a new friend who is making
a documentary about Bazar.
Okay. And I I'm just speaking off the
cuff and I'm like, you know, it would be
an amazing interview. I was like, I
really want to interview, man. I'll do
anything to get in a room with this guy.
Right. Right.
I'm like,
why don't I bring in this like a
wellrespected theoretical physicist,
right?
And he can translate some of the stuff
that Bob Lazar was saying as far as
gravity A, gravity B, that sort of
stuff,
right?
And the call kept cutting when I was
saying that.
And I'm like, oh, interesting. Maybe.
And then I think about it for a second
and I'm like, if the theory I have about
Paul Bazar is right, which is he was
this limited hangout of a person sort of
meant to reveal certain info but meant
to hold back the rest.
Yep.
Then you wouldn't want to translate, you
know, his stuff into like broader
theoretical physics language. You want
to keep it lowbrow and somewhat
stigmatized, but still be this
initiation path. What I to your point
what I will say is that there's
information on the internet that has
been out there for since the almost
since the
and to the powers that be I won't do
that version of the interview. I'll just
I'll just talk to Lazar. Right. Um the
there's information out there that has
been uh being uploaded to to the web
since almost the uh the the the birth of
the internet which up until this day
which a as as the information is
scattered out there right now on the web
is harmless. But if it gets compiled in
a particular order, it becomes highly
sensitive.
That's that's a legitimate thing. And so
the hard part is sifting the wheat from
the chaff so to speak. But if you can
even to a to a even, you know, to a a
minimal extent, it become that's when
one's own this is where I think the push
for the spiritual angle of things is
necessary. Like when um uh Danny Shehan
talked about we need to emphasize the
spiritual component of this. I couldn't
agree more with Mr. Shihan when he says
that. I think that that's one of the
reasons why the alleged stories of ET
visitations saying to our government
leaders, you have to develop spiritually
before we can exchange more
technological information with you or or
uh material with you. I think that's
because that deals with the moral aspect
and and spiritual responsibility of not
uh blowing ourselves up and worse and
worse. Maybe, you know, you talk about
the messing with time, temporal
displacement. Um, I'm familiar with a
with a newspaper clipping uh from uh
Toronto, Canada from the 19 late 50s,
early 60s that talked about how there
was a gentleman that invented a death
ray. But for the people that came to go
visit him, there were some Mossad uh
representatives that went to go see him.
They reported missing time, meaning
their watch show,
right? And I'll I'll I'll show you the
article tomorrow. They reported that
when they were in his living room or his
his basement, I forgot which part of his
house he was experimenting in, 25
minutes had gone by for them, but they
when they came outside the other the
external clocks that showed that two
hours went by and the Mossad showed
great interest and I believe he sold it
to um to the uh this is literally in the
article the the the the Zionist regime
of of of Israel in particular, he stated
uh wait what?
Yeah. Yeah. I I'll show you the article
tomorrow. sold some like
he sold it was a I don't want to say
what
it's like a timeline manipulator.
Uh no, initially it was like a death ray
of some sorts uh that he was working on.
Uh it's a it's a two-page article, very
old. Um someone like photocopied it and
or scanned it and put it on the web. Uh
but it was essentially a death ray of
sorts and some of the side effects of
when he turned it on was temporal
displacement in within the vicinity of
That's interesting. I mean I I don't
know that's seems so wild to me but
there's there's this um
uh you know Tesla biographer I was
speaking to recently
right
and he was talking about how Tesla
um you know would do some of these high
voltage experiments and he would say
weird things like I see the future the
present and the past all at once
right
and towns and brown was extremely
interested in time alteration time
travel
y
do you think and then the final thing is
you know there's a guy named Timothy
Taylor's NASA mission controller who's
written about in Diana Pulka's book
called American Cosmic. He is a
successful NASA mission controller that
works on like you know SpaceX missions
and stuff at Cape Canaveral,
right?
And he told I guess Chris Bledsoe who's
had experienced all these sort of UFO
sightings at his house. For whatever
reason, Tim Taylor shows up at his house
and they become friends, right? and he
tells uh Chris, I was part of this
secret time travel group uh based in
Nassau in the Bahamas and Thomas Towns
and Brown was the president of this
group.
And I would think that was be total
quackery if I wasn't so deep on Towns
and Brown and I didn't know he was so
deep into time travel stuff and he spent
a lot of time in Nassau in the Bahamas
and so I I do find that interesting.
I I agree. Yeah, I I think um if I could
say quickly from a scientific
perspective, it's been argued that
what's called charge par inversion in
the vacuum or in the quantum vacuum is
equivalent to reflection. And what that
means essentially is we're dealing with
vacuum polarization. And if we're
dealing with vacuum polarization, if we
polarize time but not space, we can have
this scenario in which time displacement
does occur.
Wait, how do you polarize? Because I
think of time and space is indelibly
bound. So how do you
these longitudinal scalar waves that
we've been speaking of are help tap time
rather than space.
How do you do that?
Oh well you you're asking how to
engineer that one well one example would
be for example uh would be Sal PZ's work
or how's space how putoff spacetime
metric engineering
but you're controlling for space or
you are manipulating time to then which
which as a residual effect has effects
on space.
Interesting.
Okay. And so, so time is the kind of
Archimedian upstream thing that is
updating space,
right? So, if you think of these
longitudinal waves, right, as slinkies
all around us, right? And each slinky
has a loop. That loop represents a state
of entropy and neg entropy. So, what I
mean by that is I have my water bottle
here, right? For example, I take this
water. Say I take this water and I put
it on the table. Between this point in
space between here when I when I brought
the water to the table and then here one
loop of that longitudinal uh wave has
been completed and now we're moving on
to the next loop like a movie reel
there. The loops are constantly moving
which is what we which is a temporal
effect. And so essentially you can have
a a device where you can observe by
polarizing if you came back say whenever
you know 6 months from now and you had a
device that could look wherever you
pointed that device that particular part
of space you could see in the past and
you had a device that could see that you
could have a device that could show
using the vector and scalar potentials
of space and time itself my um a visual
of my hand doing this over and over.
What? Because that's what I I So I I did
um I did a I was on a panel one time
with Sal PZ um and a handful of others
uh last two summers ago and basically I
use this exact example and Sal PZ
started basically clapping as if to say
yes that's what you have to Yeah. It's
if there were to be a conflict on some
more primordial level than our earthly
conflicts it would be on the level of
time.
Correct. Then that leads to things like
that, you know, the rumors of the
Philadelphia experiment.
Yeah. Well, that was Thomas Towns and
Brown was involved in the Philadelphia
experiment.
That's temporal displacement. The rumors
that the the people were some people
were stuck between a wall or like phys
physical matter and space. That arguably
is worse than a nuclear bomb.
I just am not sure what happened in the
Philadelphia experiment. Like a part of
me thinks it was this
quacky disinfo campaign. Maybe there I
think there was actually something
underlying it. Even if it was even if it
was fake, the rumors that that that
discuss that that speak of it are
similar to the way temporal displacement
would work as I understand it.
Have you heard of um Bob Beckwith by any
chance?
Oh, Robert Beck with Yes. Yes, I have.
Yes.
Does he say because he claims that I
think he was maybe somewhat involved in
the Philadelphia experiment and
I think
he later did some really interesting
work with like extremely high magnetic
fields.
Yep. and uh and then and teleportation
and Yep.
So, I think there's something there.
Again, I think magnetism is is gravity's
cousin. And I think that again, you
manipulate spaceime, you're messing with
gravity, but you're also messing with
again time itself. And so, if I could
say very quickly when I gave the example
of my putting the water, like picking
the water up and putting it on the
table, imagine there's a parcel of of of
memory that it will forever exist now
even when I stop doing this. that is
that is acting like a movie reel that is
just sitting there in the vacuum waiting
to be reloaded up again if you will.
Whoa. Or rdered if you think
like a saved game state.
Correct. There you go. Exactly. Like a
saved game state. So we think of the we
see some you know David Bow talked about
you know this uh holographic morphagenic
reality we live in. There have been some
papers recently that have discussed that
as well. Um and it's again I think
there's something there. I really do.
It's
very interesting.
Yeah. This idea of rendering holographic
theory and so on. I think there it's
it's speaks to what James Ryder was
saying with regards to what what is
light. I think there's something with
that as well. Um I believe the uh the
Bavita Gita if I'm not mistaken that
right the that Oenheimer quoted I I
could be wrong about this but I recall
reading that the original translation
was not I am death the destroyer of
worlds. It was I am time, the destroyer
of worlds.
Really?
As I understand it.
Is that true?
I we can verify that. But I believe
it's funny. I you know I can get a
little crazy with these things, but like
sometimes I think of like the end of
time,
right,
as like a um in the beginning of time,
as like these double entandras where
it's like the end of time is like what
does that even mean? Right. Like it's
it's you're kind of referring to the
apocalypse,
right? Right. But maybe it's the end of
time itself. And if you think we we're
living in a lower 3D timebound universe
or whatever, maybe there's some
apotheiois like event.
There's some escalator escalatory event
that will lead to the next step or fa
Yeah. the end of Zeno's era of time
perhaps where we're become more
transtoral in nature and
I very possible
where where where we're not moving in
this kind of river era of time that like
you know
well that's why for example it's it's
you know for example if we could get on
that topic very quickly it's like for if
you go out to a um uh you go out with
friends to a bar and then all of a
sudden you get a bad feeling that
something's going to happen and then you
say guys let's go and then you know an
hour or two later there's a shooting or
a stabbing It's possible that you were
viewing a point in time that has already
happened in in your soul, if you will,
but hasn't played out in the material
world.
I believe that. I think you can I think
you can actually
not prove that scientifically, but like
we're getting there. Yeah,
the brain probably works like a room
temperature quantum system. Maybe. I
think so.
You know, as well, like Penrose would
say this, right, with the microtubules.
Yes.
If that's the case, you have temporal
non-locality in quantum systems.
Exactly. And we know we can reverse
cubit positions in quantum computations.
And so if you it's been hypothesized by
anybody working on quantum computer,
right?
Very credible people will say, yeah,
maybe in a working quantum computer, you
could send information back in time even
on the semantic application layer,
right?
So you could send it, you know,
information about like uh you know some
password, you could send it back in time
like you know a month prior or whatever
as long for as long as the quantum
computer has been on,
right? And so if you think about the
brain as possibly this room temperature
quantum system, maybe we do have access
to shards of the future, especially when
it's adaptive for our survival, right?
So when you have like a really, you
know, bad or scary premonition or really
meaningful event, right,
you might actually have access to that.
And there there might be a physical way
of explaining that.
I think I think the only work that I
know of, and again, because it's not
really my area of of competency, but the
only work that I know of is Dean Raiden.
Yeah. and and I think that what he's on
to is very interesting. To your point,
it can't be proven at least yet that we
know of, but it's possible that it might
be able to um to be at some point in the
in the near distant future.
Do you think that Blue Being that
prompted you to get into all this crazy
stuff is still helping you out?
Um yeah. Yes.
Um what do you think that Blue Bang is?
It's I I'll be honest with you, I don't
know. I've I've really I don't know.
Have you seen it since?
Um it's more of a feeling rather than a
visual. That experience was a very
unique one and I haven't had it since.
It's more of a feeling.
Why do you think it chose you?
I think it I'll I'll be honest with you.
I think there are hundreds of thousands
of people across the world that that
people have encountered with those exact
similar experiences.
Well, it's interesting. You have like
Rammen, you know, downloading maps. like
you look at the history of the the
phenomenology of science itself and it's
way trippier.
I don't Right. So to your point, I don't
think I'm the only one by any stretch. I
think that um if if you think about the
possibility that there's an attempt to
educate the younger generation, you
know, people younger than me there,
again, I'm not on TikTok, but the few
things I've seen on Tik Tok with regards
to kids understanding uh just, you know,
science and all that baffles me in in a
positive way because it's like where are
they learning this from? And in some
cases, I've I've met with some families
where the kids I've been graciously
allowed to speak with the kids, and the
kids have said, "Well, the the the um
the the the ghost comes and tells me.
They don't know how else to explain it."
Yeah.
And it's like, "Wait a minute. You've
just described, you know, uh geodessic
timelike curves in in with, you know,
temp with regards to um uh time machines
and so on." And it's like, how did you
you're like 8 years old. How did you you
know what I mean? Yeah. Well, it's about
it goes it goes into like how do we know
anything and and epistemics and and you
know I actually just interviewed this
Harvard neuroscientist who's studying
these telepathic kids. Got
I think the whole world's about to know
about this.
Oh wow.
Because you have these controlled
experiments where you have the kid in
one room and then you have the parent,
one parent specifically that they have
some sort of mind meld with,
right? and you know, random images
popping up in the room with the parent
and they can 95% of the time accurately
say that a baseball or a grapefruit or a
cloud is popping up on the screen. It's
absurd.
It's absurd.
And and and she got into this because
she was really interested in like people
like Kim Peak, who was the inspiration
for Rainman and Savant, right?
That would like it felt like they were
accessing
knowledge libraries in the cloud. They
weren't just like toiling away learning
things for years at a time or whatever.
Exactly.
So I I think I think we're on the verge
of a a greater epistemological paradigm
shift and I'm excited to be here for it.
Um and I think you're a part of it. So
I I appreciate it and I think you're
playing a very crucial role in all of
this. And I think to your point, if I
could say without uh uh bring um
bringing this up again, I think that
that third strand of DNA that we talked
about may also uh because it's
electrically conductive may be an
organic particle accelerator that our
bodies allow us to access with regards
to the pineal gland. That may in fact
allow for information download um from
what people have called
an organic particle accelerator. How
would that work? Uh well the idea would
be maybe perhaps we are organic versions
of what physical UAP are of what phys of
what craft are. Um we may be the
carbon-based organic version of of what
if you look at the way in which a craft
allegedly operates or the way in in how
it it's operates in an engineering
sense. It's not unlike that of a human
body except in a few different except
with a few different uh with a few
differences. Well, there ancient
traditions that would describe these
things as sort of soul carriers or
something,
right? And I think that I think that's
pretty spot on in my opinion.
Well, then I think about that and then I
think about some of these defense use
cases and I'm like that's a little
gnarly.
Yes. Yes. I think there's a whole
psychotronic aspect to this that's very
controversial. But I think um for
example there was a foyer leak uh out of
the Washington DC fusion center that
someone had filed a foyer with regards
to looking into some uh political groups
but it turned out that they were given I
think the file was called uh effects on
the human body and basically what it
showed was that through the psychotronic
uh uh electromagnetic uh I don't want to
unfortunately weapons it showed the
human bofield and the different
frequencies that could be applied to it
from a distance in which you could um
manipulate the body. I know, for
example, someone that worked on a on a
device that uh could make someone
immediately have to defecate
uncontrollably. Um
Wait, you know somebody that worked on a
device that makes people remotely need
to take a [__]
Yes.
Are you serious?
Who's this person?
They're they're not public, but they but
no, it's it's been I mean, this is and
I'll tell you to the people that know of
this stuff, that's old news. And that's
why I'm so confident in in what I'm
saying with regards to this.
Oh man, that's freaky.
Yeah. And I'm not trying to scare
people. I believe that those same
methodologies could also be used to heal
people. So again, we have an overlap.
How do we heal people?
Well, this goes back to our conversation
of the uh polarizing the vacuum, the
linguistic wave genetics, the the
Russian gentleman for example. I it goes
back to that. What we're dealing with is
an overlap of all these fields of and so
basically the same things that can hurt
people can also help people.
Well, man, I hope to God because I think
these things are speeding up that uh
we evolve in our consciousness and and
uh
are made capable to handle what I think
is ultimately a forcing function for
humanity, which is technological
progress along these lines.
I couldn't agree more. I couldn't agree
more. Um yeah, so that's it's pretty
pretty interesting.
It's fascinating. Would you ever do um
another one of these with a theoretical
physicist that I could bring in from
like a traditional academic background?
Because I think that would be kind of
fun.
Yeah, sure. I I'll tell if I could end
end by saying this, Jesse, I want what I
want you and your audience to know is
I'm not expecting anyone to blindly
believe me. There are things that I've
seen in private laboratories that are
undeniable and verified by people other
than myself in those facilities.
However, I I'm of the view that I know
what I know, but I don't expect people
to blindly believe me unless unless
they've seen it for themselves. So, for
me, I don't get um I don't get
discouraged if a theoretical physicist
said calls me crazy or says, you know,
I'm open to some of your stuff, but the
rest is too cra too woo for me. I'll
talk to anybody.
I love it, man. Well,
I appreciate what you're doing and um
you have such an amazing cool story.
I appreciate it. I hope uh the blue bean
keeps helping you out.
Thank you so much. I appreciate it and I
I keep watching your show and I look
forward to all the new episodes you have
coming out. So, thank you.
Thanks, man. And go go check out
Generation Zed, which is on YouTube.
YouTube, Spotify, Apple Podcast.
Spotify, Apple Podcast. Go support.
Thanks so much.
Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Thank you.
Awesome. Huge news, everyone. We've been
sitting on a ton of unreleased footage
that we will now be releasing weekly in
our new [__] Our first episode is a
completely uncut, heated discussion
between Hal Putoff and Eric Weinstein on
remote viewing. Yeah, you heard that
right. I still can't believe I
experienced that firsthand. And now I'm
happy to share it with you all as our
first exclusive video on [__] Head over
to wap.com/ameanalchemy
premium to become a premium member
today. By becoming a member, you'll gain
access to weekly premium videos,
behindthe-scenes footage, and monthly
group calls where we discuss the ideas
we love most. Plus, you'll get early
access to merchandise drops and be the
first to know about the upcoming
conference we'll be holding later in
2025. Our WAP community will serve as a
private space where curious individuals
and tech enthusiasts can come together
to challenge the status quo and explore
ideas shaping our future. If you're
passionate about exploring
unconventional ideas and want to dive
even deeper into our content, I invite
you to join our [__] today. Head over to
wap.com/ameanalchemy
premium to become a premium member
today. Thank you so much and enjoy the
rest of today's episode.